All right,
here we go.
Is it working?
We are streaming. Hello, Caler.
What's up, Enchan? Enchan in the house.
Today, we're going to continue playing
Minecraft hardcore. Oh jeez,
phantoms.
What's up everybody? Thanks for joining
the stream. I'm being attacked by
phantoms.
Look at these phantoms. Going to hit
them with my sword.
They're scared of me.
Hello everybody. Welcome to the stream.
I'm going to go back home while I wait
for people to join the stream.
I'm running home.
I'll close the door. All right.
Wonder what you'll be eating today.
Today I'm eating a banana. A delicious
banana.
Hello. Hello Denise.
What's up? Enchan,
thanks for always joining my stream.
Zenchan,
hello Dennis.
Dennis Verisov,
welcome to the stream.
Hello, shaved pepper.
W Banana, bananas are the greatest.
It was given to me by a special person.
I'm waiting inside the house while
people join and while I eat my banana.
It's a very good banana.
Careful when you eat the banana. Why?
Why, Denise?
Thank you, Enchen.
You're the best. Big respect.
Jeb is once again trying to escape my
house.
All right, as always, I'm going to start
this stream by thanking our supporters.
And today, I'm going to make some
upgrades to the supporter wall. Oh no,
look at all these monsters.
First of all, I upgraded
this redstone lighting.
Look at this over here. I added some
controls.
So now I can turn off my light by
flipping this switch up. If it's up, I
can turn it off
like this.
Now it's off. And I can turn it back on
by flipping it down. Let's flip it down.
And now in order to power my lights, I
have to turn on this lever. I have to
pull this lever. Watch.
And that turns on the lights. And they
go back and forth and back and forth
forever.
Learning about redstone because of this.
Yeah, there's a lot to learn about
redstone. Look at this. I'll show you
the wiring
here. I have a ladder that goes down so
I can work on the redstone. Let's go
down the ladder. Look,
this is the redstone wiring. I changed
it a little bit.
It's basically a big circle.
It goes around and around.
Over here,
I have a sticky piston. This is what I
use to make the switch. The onoff
switch.
All right, I'll climb back up the
ladder.
W redstone.
It took me a long time to figure out
this redstone wiring.
Did you read my comment about redstone?
Did you ask about redstone? Uh about
building something with redstone. Helier
Wasandra, welcome to the stream. Big
supporter of the channel right here.
Thank you for always joining my live
streams.
I just got hit by another phantom.
It's too late and I can't watch, but
enjoy watching everyone. Well, thanks
for joining anyways. Have a good sleep.
I see. I did see your comment, Calier.
I did see your comment.
All right, today we have two new signs
to add to the wall. But first, I'm going
to sleep because these phantoms are
attacking me.
I'm going to run back home and I'm going
to go to sleep. Phantoms are annoying,
Enchen. I agree.
What can you use phantom membrane on?
Because I've collected some phantom
membrane, but I don't know what you can
do with it.
Does anybody here know what you can do
with phantom membrane?
All right, let's go outside. Let's go
over to the supporter wall. I have two
signs to add to the wall.
Hello, Qing.
Forest, welcome to the stream, Forest.
Thanks for joining. Oh, to repair the
elytra. I understand
you changed your channel. I see. Well,
welcome, Forest. Thanks for joining.
All right. Today I'm adding Thomas and
Lucas from China to the wall. And I'm
also adding Ian, also from China, to the
wall.
So, we have two new people, actually
three new people to add to the wall, but
two new signs. So, I'll come back here.
In this chest, I have my signs.
Oh, no. I don't have any jungle signs.
Wait,
I can make some jungle signs here.
There we go.
One stick and six planks makes three
signs.
Okay,
now let's add our signs to the wall.
I'll put one right here.
Let me see. Thomas and Lucas.
Is that right?
Yes. There we go. And I'll add the
country.
So below I'll add China.
There we go.
Awesome.
And to the right of this sign, I'll add
I think it's Ian.
Ian.
All right. I'll place a sign.
Ian from China.
All right. Two new signs added to our
supporter wall. Big thank you to Thomas
and Lucas in China. And to Ian, also in
China. Big thank you for supporting this
channel and also thank you to all these
other supporters on the supporter wall.
And if you would like your name added to
the wall, you could go up here to this
link kofi/kenzotilllet.
This link is also the first link down in
the description. You could go there and
it will take you
to my Kofi page. And on my Kofi page,
you could make a donation
or you could go up here to my shop and
you could check out my artwork. I have a
lot of artwork for sale on my Kofi shop.
So, if these videos have been helpful to
you, those are two ways you could
support this channel.
I'll go back to Minecraft.
All right.
And
ooh, there's one more thing that I want
to add to the wall. Actually, many more
things. I made some flags. I'll show
you. I need to go back back to my house.
Are you from the USA? I am, shaved
pepper. I'm from the US. W supporter
wall. I do remember you, Forest. Thanks
for joining the stream again.
I'm going to read some of your comments
real quick. Your house is beginning to
look nice. Thank you, Dennis. Thank you,
Dennis. I've made a lot of improvements
to my house recently.
It looks much better than it did before.
Me going to China May 25th. Oh, wow.
Enjoy your trip. Enjoy your trip to
China.
All right,
I'll put away this sign. I don't need
this sign.
All right, look in this chest.
I made a bunch of flags. I'm going to
add the flags from all of the countries
that have supported my channel.
Look at all these flags.
The only flag that I'm missing is the
flag of Italy.
And I haven't made the Italian flag yet
because I don't have any green dye. I
need to go to a desert and find some
cactus. With cactus, I can make some
green dye. And then I can add the
Italian flag. So, I'm going to add all
these flags to the wall. We've got the
Czech Republic, Germany. This flag is
supposed to be a Canadian flag. We've
got Ukraine,
China, and Denmark. I'm going to add all
of these flags to the supporter wall.
Let's go over to the supporter wall. Oh,
I'm I also forgot the Spanish flag.
You're right.
Wait,
need Italy and Spain.
I need to remember to make both the
Italian flag and the Spanish flag.
Thank you, Calcar.
Thank you for reminding me.
Wasandra and Ukraine. Shout out to
Ukraine.
I need to add Romania as well. You're
right.
I need to eat.
I'll eat some steak.
Thank you, English with Duckery. Thanks
for joining the stream and thanks for
watching my videos.
Ola Junior Kasas,
thanks for joining.
Um, I don't have any dirt. I I'm going
to mine. I'll dig up this dirt here
with my super fast shovel. Look at this.
This shovel is so fast.
I love this shovel.
There we go. I got some dirt.
I'm going to use the dirt to build
upward because I'm going to place the
flags at the top of the supporter wall.
So, I'll get my dirt
and let's go upward.
All right,
I've got the flags. Let's add them to
the supporter wall. I'll start with
China.
We've got China.
I'll add some dirt over here.
All right. To the right of China, I'll
add Ukraine.
And then I'll add the Czech Republic.
Shout out to Martina, Mia, and Max. Now
I'll add Germany.
I'll add Canada. And finally, I'll add
Denmark.
Any more? Nope. That's all of the flags.
So, I added one, two, three, four, five,
six new flags to the supporter wall.
I'll break this dirt.
Yep. I'm going to explore some caves
today. You're right.
Did you know that the most expensive
pattern uses an enchanted golden apple?
I did not know that.
Oh, Denn Dennis. Good day, mate.
Good day, mate. All right, I'll dig
down.
There we go. Let's look at our flags.
All right,
we've got six flags on the supporter
wall. And later on, I'll make the
Italian and the Spanish flag to add to
the wall because we've got Mario Molina
in Spain and we've also got
um
where is it?
We've got someone from Italy. Oh, we
have two people from Italy. We've got
Raphael and Leonardo from Italy. So, I
still need to make the Italian and
Spanish flags.
I'll do that later on. For now, I'm
going to explore. Going to explore
underground.
I'm hoping to find maybe a spawner or
some dripstone. With dripstone, I could
make a lava generator.
I'm always looking for more diamonds and
maybe I could find a minehaft, trials
chamber, or stronghold. So, I'm going to
be looking for all of these things
today. Oh, wait.
First, I'm going to try to place the dog
painting.
During my last live stream, I added a
painting to my wall.
I'll show you.
Yeah, I'm going to add the dog painting,
Christina. Don't worry.
Fun fact about me. I am Chinese USA. I
can only
speak Chinese. Oh, you can only read
Chinese.
I'm not sure what you mean here, Enchan.
Denise with the British and Australian
accent. Denise. Denise.
All right. This is the painting that I
added to the wall during my last live
stream. I'm going to try to change this
painting to the dog painting.
So, I'll place a dirt here and I'll take
down the painting.
I'm going to try to get the dog
painting.
I'll do this a bunch of times.
I'm looking for the dog.
Auto correct.
A good content episode could be to get
the advancement caves and cliffs. Oh,
what do you need to do to do that,
Calcar?
I had it.
I think I had the dog painting
and I took it down.
I'll get it again.
Come on, dog.
I took it down. No.
No.
Come on, dog. Can I get the dog back?
Small
picture is better. You want me to make
the painting smaller?
I have some small paintings. I have a
small painting over here and another
small painting here. So, I'm going to
place a big one here in the front. I
want the dog painting.
Come on. I can get it back.
I think the dog painting is pretty rare.
5% or somewhere something like that.
There it is. Dog painting.
I got it.
Do you like the dog painting?
Kenzo, I like your videos. They really
help me.
Ooh, mind if I add some Minecraft tips?
Yes, please share your Minecraft tips
and thanks for watching Forest.
I got it. I got the dog painting. The
dog has a red collar
and I can see its tongue.
I like it. I like this painting.
All right, I got the dog painting. So,
I'll remove it from my book.
All right, now it's time to explore
underground and search for these things.
This time I have three bundles. So, this
will allow me to carry more things.
I'll put away
these seeds.
I don't need seeds.
Um,
I'll put away these sticks.
Okay. And I think I'm ready to go
adventure.
Is it night time?
It's night time. I'll go to sleep. I'm
sleeping. And in the morning, I'll go
adventure.
All right.
Water bucket. Oh, you're right, Calce.
Thank you. A water bucket. I need a
water bucket. Here I have two buckets.
Water buckets are very useful. I should
also bring an ender pearl.
Do I have any ender pearls? I'll take
one of these.
The ender pearl will allow me to
teleport if I need to. Hello, Ibrooms.
Welcome to the stream. Thank you for the
for the good luck wishes.
other things in my book for the wall.
No, I added Thomas and Lucas and I added
Ian and I added the flags.
So, I did everything on my supporter
wall that I wanted to.
I'll remove all this. Actually, wait.
I'll leave Italy and Spain
and I'll remove these.
There we go.
I don't know what you mean, Christina.
Other things in my book for the wall.
All right.
What's the joke in the W? There's no
joke with W. W stands for win. So, you
put W's when good things happen. L's are
for bad things. L stands for loss.
Oh, the page I always forget. Thank you,
Christina. Yes, I'm going to turn the
page.
Shout out to these viewers. Shout out to
Enchen Y6P. Shout out to Bruno Nay.
Shout out Flampy Boy and Denise
Cranthtoven. You guys are awesome. Thank
you for always joining my streams and
for always commenting in my streams. I
really appreciate it. Shout out to these
users.
And also I added some questions to my
book. Here is question number one. I
have a question for you.
How old were you when you first started
playing Minecraft?
How old were you when you started
playing Minecraft? Tell me in the chat.
I'm going to read your responses.
I was about 14 years old when I first
started playing Minecraft.
Eight years old. Okay.
Yeah. Shout out Enchan. Enchen, you are
awesome. Thanks for joining my streams.
Five years old. Five or six. KP P O B.
Five or six.
12 years old. Okay.
My Microsoft account got hacked. I'm
sorry. I'm sorry. Noah shoots. 14. Okay.
14. I first started playing Minecraft
around 14 years old. And when I first
started playing Minecraft,
I played Minecraft Pocket Edition
on the iPod Touch. It was like this.
I first started on Minecraft Pocket
Edition.
This was in 2011.
I don't remember there being many
monsters. There weren't any caves.
It was a very basic version of
Minecraft. Look.
And then I moved on to Minecraft on the
Xbox 360. This was my second Minecraft
game.
This is the tutorial world.
I've played lots of different versions
of Minecraft.
W Pocket. Yep. 2011.
Hello. Oatsick. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Have you ever seen your first video?
Yes, I have. And it's not very good.
It's a very bad video. My first video
was very bad.
$6. Yep, I paid $6 for Minecraft Pocket
Edition.
What is your favorite version? I think
my favorite version of Minecraft is
probably Minecraft Java Edition. I play
on Minecraft Bedrock on this channel
just because I've been playing Bedrock
Edition for a long time. But my favorite
version is probably Java because you can
add mods and other things.
$6. Yep.
All right.
I have my compass. I have torches. I
have food. I have my bundles. I think I
have everything I'll need. So, let's go
explore.
Do you play Java in your free time? Not
much anymore. I don't have a lot of free
time right now.
I remember back when I started playing,
I pirated Minecraft on my phone. Let's
just say that didn't go well. Hey, it
still was a good experience.
Nice. Hey, Brooms.
All right,
let's find a cave.
I want to find a huge cave underground.
I'll get in my boat here
and let's start rowing.
Thank you. Thank you, fur devs.
I'm doing my best.
I remember this place. There is a cave
underground here, but I'd have to go
underwater, and I don't want to right
now. So, let's find a new cave. Fill
your bucket. Thanks, Calcar. I will.
There we go.
I'll also take my boat with me. I'll
pick it up.
All right. Whoa.
Did we find a cave? Here's
a cave.
Let's check out this cave.
I'll get out my torches.
I'm going to take another bite of my
banana.
Why did you turn off vibrant visuals?
I think I prefer the look of original
Minecraft.
I really like the way that vanilla
Minecraft looks. I like the textures,
the lighting. So, I don't really want to
turn on vibrant visuals.
Nice chewing. Thank you.
Banana been sitting there for a while.
It's true.
This banana has a bad spot on it. Do you
see this spot?
This spot doesn't look very good.
I'm not going to eat this spot.
How old are you? I'm 27.
27 years old.
If you get a bad trade with a villager,
punch them and he will trade it to a
better trade. Is that true?
You're supposed to punch the villagers.
I don't think so.
Is that true, Forest?
The brown spot usually means it's
rotting.
Yeah, this spot doesn't look very good.
I'm going to eat around that spot.
I'm pretty sure the villagers just get
mad and make worse prices.
All right, I'm eating banana in a cave.
Let's explore. I see some coal.
I'll pick up this coal.
I only brought my silk touch pickaxe.
I left my other pickaxes back home.
We'll get this coal.
I always need more coal.
All right. I want to get really deep
deep underground.
So, let's go down. Whoa.
Look at this.
Should I go down here?
This looks like a huge cave.
I'm going to take this waterfall down.
Oh, a glowing squid.
Okay, I'll jump in the water
and let's go down.
I have to be careful here.
Torch.
Here's some copper.
Yeah, this is a big cave. This looks
like a big cave. Wfall. Thank you to the
waterfall. Oh no.
Okay, I killed the zombie
torch. A zombie villager here.
Die.
Okay,
there's another zombie. Two more
zombies.
Die, die, die.
More XP.
I'll keep placing torches.
Torch.
torch. Lots of iron.
I'm finding lots of iron.
Okay.
So many zombies.
Skeleton down there.
Now that I have diamond tools and armor,
I'm feeling pretty strong. Uhoh.
Kill the skeleton. Die.
All right. Torch.
Torch.
I'm trying to place torches all around
so monsters stop spawning.
The skeleton is shooting me.
Block.
Die.
All right.
Oh, look. There's a parrot.
What are you doing down here?
Don't worry, chat. I won't kill this
one.
Bedrock skeletons are deadly, Noah. It's
true.
Deep slate emerald is top one rarest
ore.
I'm not going to kill it, Christina.
I won't kill any more parrots.
The parrot of the anvil episode revived.
And now it's green.
All right, I'm going to mine some of
this iron.
Iron
with the silk touch pickaxe. I pick up
the ore blocks. Then when I get back
home, I can mine these ore blocks with
my fortune pickaxe.
So, the silk touch pickaxe is really
good.
Hello Diana, welcome to the stream. Real
life Florida. Everybody check out Real
Life Florida for all the latest Florida
content,
Florida lifestyle content, cooking
content.
Deep slate coal is actually the rarest
because of tough in the new update of
the sulfur cube. Oh,
I don't know anything about the new
update yet. Hello, Anastasia. Welcome to
the stream. Thanks for joining again.
Keep up the videos, Real Life Florida.
You're doing a great job.
Welcome, Anastasia.
All right.
Let's continue.
I'll keep on picking up iron.
You've not been tracking updated.
What do you mean?
Oh,
die zombie. We're getting lots of iron.
All right,
I need to get deeper. I want to get
deeper underground.
Hello, Stefan. Stefango, welcome to the
stream. Thanks for joining.
No, you're the best. Diana,
autocorrect is dumb run.
Oh, here we go.
Uhoh, I heard a creeper.
And there's a zombie with a sword.
I'm paranoid in hardcore mode. I'm
always looking around.
I always feel like there are monsters
around me. All right, I'll get this
gold.
over here. Oh, there's the creeper. Two
creepers.
Okay.
Block,
torch, and I should get some food.
I'll put my food here
and I'll hold my potion here.
I brought a potion of healing.
So, if I get really hurt, I can drink
this potion and heal instantly.
You have Spider-Man senses? No, I just
have good headphones. Uh-oh.
Enderman. I'm not going to look at the
Enderman.
See you later, Noah Shoots. Thanks for
joining today.
See you later.
What did Christina cook today? Nothing
today. Today I've been eating a banana.
Diana,
a banana that has a bad spot on it.
I'm still eating my banana.
Yep, there's an Enderman.
Oh, well, I guess you made breakfast
tacos, but not for my stream.
I thought she meant what food I'm eating
on the stream.
But yes, she did make breakfast tacos
this morning.
Gold.
I got some gold. More iron.
This place is pretty scary.
Let's keep going downward.
torch.
There's some more iron. More iron.
Finding lots of iron. Wow.
And some lapis. I'll get the lapis.
There we go.
Deep slate emerald is the rarest ore.
Oh, okay.
Hear me out. The enderman is usually in
the end. So, how did it throw an ender
portal
over here to the overworld? Yeah. How
did the Enderman get to the overworld?
That's my daughter.
Add some almond butter to the banana for
protein. Oh, that's smart. That's smart.
I need to get some almond butter. Thank
you, Denise. I appreciate you joining.
All right, let's continue. I'm going to
mine some of this iron.
and some of this gold. Look, this bird
keeps following me. Do I have seeds? I
don't have seeds. I can't tame the bird.
There's an amethyst deposit.
I'll get this iron.
Yeah, some amethyst over there.
Okay, let's keep going deeper.
Place
amethyst.
Amethyst plus parrot equals dead parrot.
I will never kill another parrot. I
promise.
Ooh, I need to eat.
I thought I heard a skeleton.
Yeah, I definitely hear a skeleton.
Christina, check your messages.
All right, I'll get this iron.
Check your messages, moderator. Jeez.
Anything else down here?
Oh, it keeps going down.
Whoa.
Huge cave.
Huge cave
skeleton with copper armor.
I'm blocking its shots. Die.
Die.
I'm almost out of torches already.
I hear a zombie.
Creeper.
Die.
Okay,
I'll keep exploring.
Torch. There's some lava.
Oh. Oh, zombie. Zombie holding a shovel.
And I need to make more torches.
I'll come back here where it's safer.
I'll make some planks. I can hear a
zombie. Yep.
Okay, now I'll make some sticks. No,
>> zombie.
Hello, Nie.
Welcome. Welcome to the stream from
Poland.
Where did my sticks go? I didn't make
any sticks.
Okay,
I don't need rotten flesh.
Now with sticks and coal,
we'll make some torches. Only 12. Oh,
it's because this coal is coal ore.
That's a little annoying.
Oh well, I have 12 more torches. That'll
last me a little bit.
I need more cobblestone
so I can make a stone pickaxe and get
this coal.
I'll do that right now. I'll make a
crafting table.
I'll throw this kelp. I don't need kelp.
I'm going to put some stuff in my
bundles. Um,
I'll add the deep slate or the lapis. I
mean, I'll add the gold.
Gold.
Iron. Iron.
I'll keep my coal here.
I'll add gold to this bundle.
Okay. Now I'll place my crafting table
and I'll make a stone pickaxe.
I can't use deep slates. Oh no, it needs
to be cobblestone.
I can make a I can make a wooden
pickaxe.
There we go.
I made a wooden pickaxe.
Um, and now I can mine this stone.
Now I have three cobblestone. So I could
make a stone pickaxe. I will.
We'll make a stone pickaxe.
Okay. And I'll throw away this wooden
one. Now I'll place this coal.
Nine coal. And I'll mine it. Now I can
pick up the coal.
Wooden pickaxe has been returned.
Tip: Diamonds often appear near lava.
Very nice. Yeah, thank you for the tips,
Forest.
I'll place four more. One, two, three,
four. And let's mine it.
All right. Now I have some coal.
Now I'll make more torches.
Sticks. Coal. Torches. 48 more torches.
And I can still make more. I still have
four coal.
All right, I'll pick up my crafting
table.
I'll mine this iron.
And let's continue exploring.
Why do you use the silk touch for the
ore? Yeah, it's so I can take the ore,
the ore blocks back home where I have my
fortune pickaxe. Then I can place it and
mine it with my fortune pickaxe back at
home.
Skeleton
die.
Oh. Oh,
did I? Okay.
So many monsters down here.
I'm just going to run. I'm going to run.
I see some redstone.
A lush cave over there.
I'm running. Whoa.
Look at this.
Whoa.
Wow.
I'll place some torches.
Any diamonds around here? Look at all
this lava.
Torch. Torch.
Torch.
Torch. And we'll place one more torch.
Okay.
Whoa.
Holy cave.
Yeah, this is cool. Look at this cave.
It looks beautiful.
I'm going to explore around this area.
Whoa, look. I see some diamonds up
there.
Diamonds.
Diamonds spotted.
Any more diamonds around?
Any more diamonds?
I don't see any.
I'll keep looking. Uh oh, that was an
enderman.
I'm looking down at the ground so I
don't look at the enderman.
I'll go over to those diamonds.
Diamond quest has been started.
Okay,
here I need to go up.
So, I'll take some blocks.
I'll take some dirt
and I'll start building upward.
I'm digging. I'm building up to get to
the diamonds.
Uhoh.
Uhoh. Oh, this is bad.
Oh, that was close.
This skeleton is scaring me.
I'm going to kill this skeleton.
Come here, skeleton.
Okay, he went down.
All right, let's get this diamond.
Go back up.
Here we go. One,
two,
two diamonds.
Two diamonds. Okay,
I'll get my shovel back out
and I'll dig up this dirt
right here. I'll dig down.
Skeletons in Minecraft always appear at
the worst times. It's true.
Kenzo, can you give me a suggestion for
redstone? Ooh, two stacks of redstone.
Have you built an automatic sugar cane
and bamboo farm? You could use some red
stone to build one of those.
Let's go over to the lush cave.
Jump.
Maybe we can find more diamonds over
here.
Torch.
More monsters.
Die zombie die.
Any more diamonds?
I don't see any.
Die.
So many zombies in this cave.
Another
one.
Okay. Oh.
Okay.
Oh, I thought I saw diamonds, but I
didn't.
Wow.
More lava and more water.
Oh, you're number two now. Enchen
Denise was too fast.
More diamonds.
I think it's just one block though.
One diamond.
Yep, just one.
Okay, still good. Still good.
We've got three diamond ore blocks.
Maybe I can get more diamonds when I
mine them with my fortune pickaxe.
Lots of lava. Have to be careful around
this lava.
I'm looking I'm looking around this lava
because oftent times there are diamonds
near the lava.
So I'm searching around this lava for
diamonds
torch.
I don't see any more diamonds though.
Okay,
here I see some gold. I'll pick up this
gold.
I see some red stone here. I'll get some
red stone as well.
Okay,
I'm going to go back that way.
I almost walked into the lava here. Need
to be careful.
I'm not going to get that redstone. Too
close to the lava.
Wow.
Okay, let's run back over there.
I could use my water bucket here
to create some obsidian to walk across.
I'll get this iron.
I need lots of iron.
All right.
Yeah. Where's Bruno today? Denise,
what's going on?
It's really dark down here.
I don't have too many blocks or else I
would have built a bridge. I have 38
dirt, but I didn't bring too many
building blocks.
Here's another amethyst deposit.
More amethysts.
I'm already out of torches again.
What? I missed diamonds over here.
Diamonds.
Calcier and Chen, you both saw these
diamonds.
I totally missed these diamonds.
I need more torches. Hold on.
Okay. 16 more.
A slime.
Go away. Slime. Die.
Die. Die. Die.
Die.
Okay. These little ones can't hurt me.
See, they don't hurt me.
Don't forget to eat. Oh, wow. I need to
eat. Thank you, top four IK. Thank you.
I need to eat.
All right, I'll kill all these slimes.
Let's get some slime balls.
Die.
Die slimes.
Okay, I killed the slimes and I got 19
slime balls.
Okay, let's get these diamonds.
I can see two blocks.
One, two.
Any more?
Any
more diamonds?
No,
I don't see any more.
So, now we're up to
four diamond door.
Wait,
is that No.
Oh, there it was. I picked it up. There
we go. Five diamonds.
Oh, you're first again, Enchen. Nice.
See you later, Calce. Thanks for joining
the stream.
See you later.
Let's keep exploring.
Oh, I'm going to kill these glowing
squids.
More diamonds.
Look, more diamonds.
I need to throw some stuff away.
Um, I'll throw away five bones.
All right, I picked up some glowing ink
sacks.
I'll kill this slime. Die slime.
This water is really annoying.
Oh no.
Look at all these monsters.
Creepers and skeletons.
Torch,
go away.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Die, zombie.
I love your videos. I just wanted to say
thank you. They're helping me. Oh, thank
you, Iffy. Thank you for watching. I'm
so glad my videos can help.
Wow, there are so many monsters.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. I have a bow.
I'll shoot these skeletons with my bow.
Die.
Got it. And this one. Die. I missed.
Die, skeleton.
I need to use my bow against these
skeletons.
Die.
Die. I can't hit it. Okay, I'll pick up
these diamonds now.
One, two,
two more diamonds.
Two more diamonds.
Very good. Very good.
Let's continue this way.
More diamonds.
Wow,
we're finding lots of diamonds this
stream.
There we go.
No, go ahead. Go ahead, Forest. Your
tips are not annoying.
You both have a lot of XP there, Denise.
Yep. One more diamond. So, now we're up
to eight diamond blocks,
which is great.
More iron.
Die creeper. Uhoh.
I blocked that explosion with my shield.
Diamonds have returned.
Oh, I hear a baby. I hear a baby zombie
holding a sword.
The sword is bigger than the zombie.
All right, only three torches left. More
diamonds.
Look.
Go away, creeper. Go away.
Torch.
More diamonds.
Two.
Three.
There we go. There were three diamonds
here.
So many creepers.
All right.
We're safe. I'm out of torches again.
I need more torches.
I don't think I have any more coal.
Nope.
I don't have any more coal.
Skeleton.
Die, die, die.
I need more torches. I need to go back
up where I can get coal.
I place lots of torches around here.
Diamond helmet looking half broken.
Oh no, my diamond helmet is about half
broken.
I need to repair it at an anvil.
Okay,
I need to go back up to get more coal.
I'm going to make a staircase up. Look,
more glowing ink sacks.
I think some glowing squids died here.
RIP.
Let's keep going up
up up.
All right,
let's go back up this way.
More glowing ink sacks. Look, two more.
The green parrot is lost. Oh no.
Goodbye, green parrot.
Okay,
I'll make a staircase up right here.
Wait,
there's some coal. Oh, no.
Die, zombie.
I'll get a little more iron. There's so
much iron around here.
Okay. No.
Die.
Where did that coal go?
There it is.
I need that coal.
So many skeletons. I'll shoot them with
my bow. One.
Two.
I have to hit them twice. Once and
twice.
They take two shots to kill.
Okay, here I need to go up with my dirt.
This is scary.
I don't think parrots are very rare for
dabs. I think I think they're pretty
common.
If you can find a jungle.
Okay, I'll use my stone pickaxe to get
this coal.
No way. Only two pieces of coal.
I need more than two.
Any more coal here? Whoa. What?
Water.
Whoa,
there's water here.
Hold on. I'm going to place a torch.
What is this place?
I'm going to swim up there and look
around.
Whoa.
Okay.
Any more coal up here? Come swimming.
I can't see anything. I need to place a
torch.
We're getting higher.
I think I'm high enough now that I could
find more coal. Let's look for some coal
up here.
I need to save my torches.
I don't have enough torches.
Any coal?
Oh, lapis. I'll get this lapis.
I can't pick it up. I'll throw away this
rotten flesh.
I don't need rotten flesh.
Oh, wow. My inventory is full.
I don't know. DXE. I don't know.
Um, I'll throw away this kelp. I don't
need kelp.
Oh, more monsters over there.
I'm looking for coal.
I'm looking for coal. Oh, look. There's
a torch.
I've been here.
Here's coal.
I'll get this coal.
Coal.
Lots of coal.
I wish my stone pickaxe was faster.
The stone pickaxe feels so slow after
using the diamond pickaxe.
Lots of coal here though, which is
great.
We need lots of coal.
I'm going to mine all of this coal
so I can make lots of torches.
There we go.
And I'll pick up all this coal. Oh no, I
can't pick it up.
Okay, let's throw away um some
gunpowder.
I have lots of gunpowder back at home.
Okay,
there we go. 23 coal. Perfect.
Now I can make a bunch of torches.
There we go.
64 torches here and 12 more torches
here. Now we've got a bunch of torches
so we can keep exploring.
Creeper.
That was weird.
Another one.
Uhoh.
Zombie.
Okay, let's keep exploring.
I've already explored down there.
There's so much iron.
I want to pick up all this iron. I don't
want to leave it.
Wow, there's so much.
Let's see. So, I've been down there.
I don't think I've gone down here
actually.
Let's explore down here.
Creeper. I'll shoot it. Oh, never mind.
I won't shoot it.
Calseater is back.
Hello, Parides.
Pari Parida Rizzo. Hello. Welcome to the
stream.
torch.
Oh, there's more lapis.
More lapis. I'll pick up this lapis.
I can't pick up this lapis. I need to
throw something. Bones.
I'll put this stuff in the bundle.
All of the ore I'll put in this bundle.
No.
Diamond ore,
deep slate, iron ore. There we go. This
bundle's full. I'll start filling the
second bundle.
Iron, redstone.
Look at all of that ore we collected.
Awesome.
Uh oh. Uh oh.
Lots of zombies. I'm just going to run.
I'm running away.
Enderman. I won't look at it.
Let's keep getting deeper.
Yeah, I want to save my bundles for good
things. So, I'm throwing away anything I
don't need.
More redstone. I'll get a little more
redstone. Maybe I can build another
redstone machine. Oh, no.
Thank goodness for my shield.
The shield is my best friend.
Oh, whenever I see these blocks, I
always think they're diamonds.
Another
zombie. I'll kill this zombie. I see a
creeper up there, too.
Come here, creeper.
Die, creeper.
Okay, it exploded.
Let's keep going.
Place a torch
and another torch.
I'm going to read some of your comments.
I see some comments. Hi, I just wanted
to say you're wonderful YouTuber.
Thank you very much. Oh, thank you so
much, Ty. Ty,
Tyia,
Tyia, thanks so much for watching my
videos. I'm so glad that my videos can
help.
Let's continue.
If you're going to eat and want to kill
an animal, use a fire enchantment.
Oh, so you get cooked meat. That's
smart. That's smart.
If I die, what's going to happen to this
series? If I die, this series will
finish. It'll be over. It'll be all
done. So, I can't die. I need to
survive.
We need to continue surviving.
If I die, it's over.
This is hardcore.
This is hardcore mode.
All right.
Nothing that way.
torch.
Where should I go?
I definitely will play more games on
this channel in the future.
Paridas
There are lots of games that I want to
play on the channel.
I just have to wait till I have a little
bit more time.
Right now, I'm very busy.
All right. Well, this cave is huge, but
I think I've explored most of this cave.
I'm going to go back up here.
skeleton.
I'm going to run. I'm running. Running.
Running.
Let's go this way.
Wow, this place is huge.
More gold.
Skeletons are shooting me.
Torch.
Torch. Wow. More redstone.
What kind of games am I thinking of
playing? Um, some games that I'm
thinking about are Zelda Breath of the
Wild. I've thought about Super Mario
Odyssey. Um, Stardew Valley. Lots of
people have recommended me Stardew
Valley.
Terraria. Terraria is kind of similar to
Minecraft, so maybe Terraria.
There are lots of games I want to play
here on the channel.
Die.
Lots of zombie villagers here.
No, no, no, no, no.
Diamonds.
More diamonds.
I'll pick up these diamonds.
Oh, thank you so much, Just Arus.
Thank you so much. I'm so glad. I'm glad
you're enjoying the content.
Oh, there's so many monsters here.
1 hour and 18 minutes. Thanks for
keeping track of the time, Enchan.
Where did it go?
Come here, skeletons. I hate skeletons.
Die.
Okay, I killed all the skeletons.
I hate skeletons.
Enderman.
I won't look at the Enderman. Whoa.
Another skeleton.
Okay, I need to eat.
I see an enderman here. I'm going to
look at it
and then hide in here. The enderman
can't get me in here.
You like Stardew Valley? Just Arless
skeletons in Bedrock have literal
aimbot.
Let's see. That sounds very good. I'm
also playing Zelda. Okay. Oh, Animal
Crossing. Animal Crossing would be
really fun, too.
Die.
Come on, Enderman. Fight me. There it
is.
Any ender pearls?
Did I pick up any ender pearls? Nope.
Still just one.
I'm so happy to hear that, Denise
Cranthovven.
I'm so glad my videos have been helping.
Animal Crossing is a W.
All right,
I killed the creepers.
Another creeper.
Okay.
Torch.
I haven't found anything too interesting
down here.
I found some diamonds, but
nothing much else.
I think I'm going to start heading back
up to the surface
torch.
You like Animal Crossing, Denise?
Low cortisol vibes. Enchen. It is true.
Oh, I see another another lapis. Before
I go back up, I'll mine this lapis.
There we go. And I'll throw away some
rotten flesh.
All right,
let's keep going up.
I think I'm going to leave this cave.
Whoa.
Let's keep going up.
After like 60 minutes, we'll finally get
back to the surface. It's true. This
cave is huge. I'm really deep. Look at
this. Uh-oh.
No. No. No.
Oh, that was scary. If he would have
shot me, I would have fallen down there.
That was close.
Where should I go?
I'll come down here.
Place a torch.
I'll move my torch down.
Okay, let's go this way. Torch. Oops.
Oh no. Uhoh. Uhoh.
The zombie hit me.
Jeez.
Uhoh. Uhoh. Uh oh. Run. Run. Run.
I jumped over the lava.
I'm running.
I need to get back up.
I need to get back up to the surface.
Maybe this way.
Another skeleton.
Ah.
Okay, torch.
I need to eat again.
I need to eat. I'll eat some steak.
Another zombie.
Okay,
maybe there's a zombie spawner.
I don't think so, though. Crazy
moving.
Day 240. Hey. Yep. It's day 240.
That was dangerous.
I called this a meeting. We're going
back to the surface. Yeah, I think it's
time to go back up. Um
I'm just going to start digging a
staircase.
I'm going to make a staircase back up
because
there are too many monsters down there.
Torch.
Going back up to the surface. I hear
zombies around.
Okay,
more iron.
My inventory is still full.
I'll put this deep slate lapis in this
bundle
and the diamond and the red stone and
the iron.
Okay. And I'll keep going up.
torch.
I will be careful to not die, Denise.
Oh, it would be fun to make a zoo.
Maybe in the future I'll make a zoo and
I'll collect all of the different kinds
of animals.
That would be a fun episode.
Hello, welcome
Dexant Duta 2518. Welcome to the stream.
Thanks for joining.
More iron.
The reward is diamonds, lapis, gold, and
red stone. Quest complete.
Yeah, I found some things.
I didn't find any drip stone or a
minehaft, but I did get lots of
diamonds, lots of iron, lots of gold,
lots of redstone.
I really want to find a mine shaft so I
can get a bunch of rails.
This is a really long staircase.
Time for another torch.
Only nine torches left.
Hey, there's more lapis.
Pick up this lapis.
Okay.
Uh,
there we go. And I'll continue up.
I've got to be close to the surface.
Dishant like Desant. Oh, thank you for
watching. I'm glad you like my short
clips.
I appreciate that.
All right, let's keep going.
I've got to be close. I've got to be
close to the surface.
Oh,
what was that sound?
torch.
What is that sound? Is that a pig?
Here we are at the surface.
It was a pig.
I'll put a torch here.
I'm at the surface. Oh, there's my mob
spawner
right there.
Okay, I'll go back to my house.
Run, run, run. There's my supporter
wall.
Is that another cave?
I'm running back home.
Touching some grass.
I'm running past all these monsters.
I've already fought enough monsters in
this video. More phantoms.
The monsters are constantly attacking
me.
Jump. Jump.
Almost back home.
You deserve to have a diamond play
button. Oh, thank you, Forest.
One day, one day in the future, I'll
keep working on it.
Yep, it's home.
Thank you. I appreciate that support.
Home.
All right, I'm going to end the live
stream here back at my house.
Hey,
die, phantom. Die. die.
I'm going to shoot it. I missed. Can I
hit this phantom?
No,
I missed. I can't hit it.
There are three phantoms up there.
One, two, three.
I'll go to sleep.
If I go to sleep, they'll start burning
in the sunlight.
All right, I'm sleeping. And I think I'm
going to end this stream right here.
Thank you so much for joining everyone.
Thanks for joining for davs.
I hear them burning.
Let's look at the burning phantoms. It's
burning in the sunlight.
And it'll drop some phantom membrane.
Oh,
no.
Nope. It didn't drop anything. All
right, I'm going to end this live stream
right here. Thank you so much for
joining everyone. Thanks for joining,
Christina.
Thanks for joining, Desant. Thanks for
joining my stream.
You have a good day too for davs.
Have a good day Denise. Have a good day.
You guys are the best.
Thank you so much. English with Ducker.
Thanks for watching my videos. I really
appreciate it. I'll see you guys later.
See you later, Denise. See you later,
English with Ducker. Thank you all for
joining and I will see you guys in the
next stream. All right. I'll see you
next week. See you later.